Visitor all to a new episode of
Five-finger minecraft you do not yet
did not know five things again today
have chosen more from the comments
You're back if you're still good
Ideas have these written down
comments and ratings well says that
thumb up it took the easier
to pick out and the probability
bigger that they come
and yes, I want to say yes
go with the first story and big
then talk the first cracked a correction
of me as last time
you can somehow be underlaid
struck by chance depending on how
the lava flowed over it when is here
I can put myself on the purchase page
actually put in and penn in lava
Anyway, probably because
here in small air hole was in it or
I do not know anything like that then
next or the actual
first thing from kenya kiev following him
I noticed that when I am again
spawn in lava for example me two
Seconds from harm
eat healthy response country in here
I can swim around I'm completely open
with war
he is after two seconds I found
apparently to get and that happens
that time
after in lava respawn I respectfully
dive but not supposed to actually
that is a kind of spawn protection but
somehow then grow again
or as I read
So that means when you're back
respawn you can do it in two
sekündchen when one hops hold out
except lama and out again
means you can directly named bonn two
get himself and the child as it looks
and it should be every time so therefore be
no matter if you get hurt or if
you now old lover dived the similar
is true then the next thing is
from picco or pitt co when you die
Interchange automatic first slot
So it looks like all will
inventory things reset I have it
on the third last third slot
if I look over the rheinblick and now
the g + switch will turn off automatically
at first but not really nothing
that's really true now
I did not work for a short time
the 85 again die in and change
immediately on the first over so without
Intention actually and only eight man
pay attention not to be on it and
the whole sense just understood that
you character reset similar again
but the spots are dying
by change
ok the next one is from titus lp if you have one
one six blocks in half always comes
only the larger number so far as one
a kind of stack has an odd one
pay within myself so if so
cut the 32 in half and then once with
right click semi-half out of retirement
then I will always the higher number
knows of an odd number is
have had hand and the whole was again
reasonably valued and I test
a try I eg 263 tnt
put not hit right
I get 32 out of the trade
is the bigger part of the stick than that
so what is left when her 31
I have to halve this again
the 16 of the hand is the bigger part than
which 15 halves i have to go now
Practically eighth hand that the larger one
as you are seven and now you have to
get four years and three
Remain exactly from the 30 2
get a skeleton left that is called
always pulls the bigger part of one
Odd stacks out when you get the
function of halving it is used
now clearly that pay an odd
to share with it but it follows one
directly into the system you always get the
larger number of tnt or objects
in the hand exactly
next we go next one
Matter of multiplayer writes the ender
beads or thrown ender beads through
tnt change your trajectory if it is
The entertain would have exploded
fly by and I should use it if
a factor still makes a profit
greet the class 6d in berlin
I've got it all this way
tried a little bit tested and
Unfortunately I can not get it to
demonstrate
but I know that it's because I like it
ever before in a long time
art tutorial seen or a video
and I believe that after swf
sound or so that sometimes tested
because of such a small country created
which he is extremely far
catapulted by simply ender
beads that you threw with the
explosions practically in the sense of one
circuit has set correctly and there
the trajectory of it was changed so
I know I will have even the
Winkelmann l try timing easy
with tnt and then I should
throw a ball
that 's hard to share
I have a lot of time next now
tinkering redstone is already
pretty late but I know that it works
That's why I would mention
and perhaps someone has an idea
as you can already show it
maybe you could just briefly
but with three take anyway ender
beads or trajectory of enr vacation or
entities are affected by tnt
exploded on then goes the last one
for me today is a story
noticed at a farc the
actually was wrong
and here actually says that if
one then shoots himself in the air
between kindes or dies then again
respawn before the npd goes down
it was fallen that you then at the place
revived where the shares on
hit but when testing me
noticed that the elle is deleted
Should one die and I knew that
not yet and that's why it shows
gardner with 18 / you can respawn yes
one certainly still tested with everyone
lot of stuff before for the following i en
appel up annoying as close completely
fast kilmer and response he is gone
and it takes longer to fall
clearly has not fallen yet
Throw wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait and wait
now the whole as I said again to
throw up kill respawn and she is gone
So completely an appeal and a thing
never throws me so throws why
faith mutes also omitted
you can not be dismantled again
because you want to die the ender
pearl in the air automatically
Clear
and yes then also been fixed already
from the story I have 15 again
suppose I have one again today
a few problems had good things
to find out
Nonetheless, maybe there is
a little something again next week
better with it I 'm a quiz too
look and then we see already in the
leave next part until then and
bye